Hmm, what's that?
So disgusting
Wow
No problem solved for so long
You don't want to stay for dinner, do you?
How could it be, mom?
Isn't it because they haven't signed it?
What if you stink?
I'm falling.
No, this is what Aunt Yun made especially for you
You can't throw him away.
I've had enough of eating bran and vegetables
Don't you see the stench is smoking my godmother?
No, this godmother made it especially for you
You can't treat me like a father
What are you giving me to eat?
Garbage is garbage
What are you and I like?
Dishes that have been eaten for more than ten years
Now you hate it so much
That's why you're here today.
Hope you don't regret it later.
Take it, we're both clear
Your money.
My heart